chore: fix permission doc (#437)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/con-rbac-config-permission-policies-admin.adoc

The purpose of configuring policy administrators is to enable a specific, restricted number of authenticated users to access the RBAC REST API. The permission policies are defined in a `policy.csv` file, which is referenced in the `app-config-rhdh` ConfigMap. OpenShift platform administrators or cluster administrators can perform this task with access to the namespace where {product} is deployed.

> You can configure a permission policy administrator in the `app-config.yaml` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable a permission policy administrator by configuring the `app-config.yaml` file as follows:
```
